ticdc: update time-zone, add without valid index replic, update cdc c… (#4163)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/manage-ticdc.md

- `pd`: The URL of the PD client.
- `addr`: The listening address of TiCDC, the HTTP API address, and the Prometheus address of the service.
- `advertise-addr`: The access address of TiCDC to the outside world.

> - `tz`: Time zone used by the TiCDC service. TiCDC uses this time zone when time data types such as `TIMESTAMP` are converted internally or when data are replicated to the downstream. The default is the local time zone in which the process runs. If you specify `time-zone` (in `sink-uri`) and `tz` at the time, the internal TiCDC processes use the time zone specified by `tz`, and the sink uses the time zone specified by `time-zone` for replicating data to the downstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tz`: Time zone used by the TiCDC service. TiCDC uses this time zone when it internally converts time data types such as `TIMESTAMP` or when it replicates data to the downstream. The default is the local time zone in which the process runs. If you specify `time-zone` (in `sink-uri`) and `tz` at the time, the internal TiCDC processes use the time zone specified by `tz`, and the sink uses the time zone specified by `time-zone` for replicating data to the downstream.
```

| `ssl-ca` | The path of the CA certificate file needed to connect to the downstream MySQL instance (optional)  |
| `ssl-cert` | The path of the certificate file needed to connect to the downstream MySQL instance (optional) |
| `ssl-key` | The path of the certificate key file needed to connect to the downstream MySQL instance (optional) |

> | `time-zone` | The time zone used when connecting to the downstream MySQL instances, which is effective since v4.0.8. This is an optional parameter. If this parameter is not specified, the time zone of TiCDC service processes is used. If this parameter is set to an empty value, no time zone is specified when TiCDC connects to the downstream MySQL instances and the default time zone of the downstream is used. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `time-zone` | The time zone used when connecting to the downstream MySQL instance, which is effective since v4.0.8. This is an optional parameter. If this parameter is not specified, the time zone of TiCDC service processes is used. If this parameter is set to an empty value, no time zone is specified when TiCDC connects to the downstream MySQL instance and the default time zone of the downstream is used. |
```

sink-uri specifics at most one MySQL/TiDB instance

> | `time-zone` | The name of the time zone used when connecting to the downstream MySQL instances, which is effective since v4.0.8. This is an optional parameter. If this parameter is not specified, the time zone of TiCDC service processes is used. If this parameter is specified to an empty value, no time zone is specified when TiCDC connects to the downstream MySQL instances and the default time zone of the downstream is used. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `time-zone` | The time zone used when connecting to the downstream MySQL instances, which is effective since v4.0.8. This is an optional parameter. If this parameter is not specified, the time zone of TiCDC service processes is used. If this parameter is set to an empty value, no time zone is specified when TiCDC connects to the downstream MySQL instances and the default time zone of the downstream is used. |
```

```

After this feature is enabled, you can see [TiCDC Open Protocol - Row Changed Event](/ticdc/ticdc-open-protocol.md#row-changed-event) for the detailed output format. The new TiDB v4.0 collation framework will also be supported when you use the MySQL sink.

> ## Replicate the table without a valid index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Replicate tables without a valid index
```

> Since v4.0.8, TiCDC supports replicating the table without a valid index by modifying the task configuration. To enable this feature, configure in the `changefeed` configuration file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v4.0.8, TiCDC supports replicating tables that have no valid index by modifying the task configuration. To enable this feature, configure in the `changefeed` configuration file as follows:
```

{{< copyable "" >}}

```toml
enable-old-value = true
force-replicate = true
```

> **Warning:**
>

> > For the table without a valid index, operations such as `INSERT` and `REPLACE` are not reentrant, so there is a risk of data redundancy. TiCDC guarantees that data is distributed only at least once during the replication process. Therefore, enabling this feature to replicate the table without a valid index will definitely cause data redundancy. If you do not accept data redundancy, it is recommended to add an effective index, such as adding a primary key column with the `AUTO RANDOM` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For tables without a valid index, operations such as `INSERT` and `REPLACE` are not reentrant, so there is a risk of data redundancy. TiCDC guarantees that data is distributed only at least once during the replication process. Therefore, enabling this feature to replicate tables without a valid index will definitely cause data redundancy. If you do not accept data redundancy, it is recommended to add an effective index, such as adding a primary key column with the `AUTO RANDOM` attribute.
```
